Update Cilium description (#36040)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/addons.md

* [Antrea](https://antrea.io/) operates at Layer 3/4 to provide networking and security services for Kubernetes, leveraging Open vSwitch as the networking data plane.
* [Calico](https://docs.projectcalico.org/latest/introduction/) is a networking and network policy provider. Calico supports a flexible set of networking options so you can choose the most efficient option for your situation, including non-overlay and overlay networks, with or without BGP. Calico uses the same engine to enforce network policy for hosts, pods, and (if using Istio & Envoy) applications at the service mesh layer.
* [Canal](https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/getting-started/kubernetes/flannel/flannel) unites Flannel and Calico, providing networking and network policy.

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based data plane. Cilium provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity-based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a replacement for kube-proxy; it also offers additional, opt-in observability features.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based data plane. Cilium provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity-based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a replacement for kube-proxy; it also offers additional, opt-in observability and security features.
```

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.

Reviewer: looks good

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.

Reviewer: looks good

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.

Reviewer 2: Simplifying & adding hyphenation.
```suggestion
* [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network that spans multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity-based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.
```

Author: I'm happy to add the - but for the spanning multiple clusters, I would rather leave it as is because it is only an option while the suggestion implies that it is required

Reviewer 2: Ah yes, that's fine!

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.
```

> * [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based dataplane. It provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity-based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a highly scalable replacement for kube-proxy and offers deep observability through its optional Hubble component.

Reviewer 3: I'd simplify this
```suggestion
* [Cilium](https://github.com/cilium/cilium) is a networking, observability, and security solution with an eBPF-based data plane. Cilium provides a simple flat Layer 3 network with the ability to span multiple clusters in either a native routing or overlay/encapsulation mode, and can enforce network policies on L3-L7 using an identity-based security model that is decoupled from network addressing. Cilium can act as a replacement for kube-proxy; it also offers additional, opt-in observability features.
```

We try not comment on which CNI plugins are or aren't good at working at scale, or to write text that sounds like we are commenting that way.
